Hi and welcome to the complete Python and pasta sequel developer course.
Welcome.
I'm Jose and I'm really excited to have you in the course because we're going to be going from absolute
beginner to knowledgeable developer.
Over the course of over 20 hours throughout the course I'm going to personally support you in the entirety
of it by answering questions and providing feedback on your project.
I've got a few projects for you to do and I'm always welcoming new projects.
If you have any ideas so what will we cover.
We're going to start with the basics of Python 3.5 which using new version of a programming language
and the basics of programming as well.
If you've never done any programming before don't worry because we've got you covered.
After that we'll quickly move to advanced programming with Python.
Where are you going to get more experience and learn a lot more about programming language.
After that we'll look at data bases and Pasqua sequel possumus equal is a great DTV system which allows
your programs to have a lot more power by storing data in the system than we're going to be using Pasqua
sequel and Python together and learning how these two can interact after we look at creating web applications
with Python which allows a lot more users to interact with your applications by putting them on the
web.
And the wrap up for the course will be some advanced Python concepts and functionality while also looking
at the Ozo famous data structures and algorithms because it's meant for you and many people struggle
with learning programming for a very long time.
The course is intended to get you where you want to be efficiently and if you tried learning programming
before with Python or a different programming language I promise that you'll see results quickly.
However if you're a complete beginner don't worry because I've designed this cause with you on my mind
and I promise that you will not feel lost.
In addition I'm always available to answer questions and help you out in the course Q&A.
So what will you have to do.
Because unfortunately programming is not just a matter of watching videos and becoming an expert all
of a sudden.
Practice is paramount.
But I've got you covered throughout the course and providing concise explanations and hands on projects
for you to attempt.
The first two projects are a magic numbers app and a lottery app.
These are the two beginner projects which are going to be using the terminal and we're going to be learning
about programming with these two.
Then we will move on to intermediate projects.
We're going to be using object oriented programming to create a student registration system and a movie
rental system.
Finally after learning about Pascua sequel we will move over to advanced projects which s five of them
including a Twitter analysis app as well as the implementation of four data structures.
And that's a lot that's a lot of content but it's structured in a way to make it easy for you if you
follow the course following along with the examples interacting with myself which I'm always there to
help and with other students through the course.
Q And a you will take everything in and in no time you will be a fantastic developer.
Once again I'm excited to have you and I see you on the inside.